NEXT-12721 - added fetching data with javascript (#166)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/storefront/fetching-data-with-javascript.md

# Fetching data with JavaScript

## Overview

> When you develop your own plugin, you might want to fetch data from the API which you need. This guide explains how to `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you develop your own plugin, you might want to fetch necessary data from the API. This guide explains how to 
```

achieve that.

## Prerequisites

While this is not mandatory, having read the guide about adding custom javascript plugins beforehand might help you understand this guide a bit further:

> {% page-ref page="./add-custom-javascript.md" %}

Reviewer: These `page-ref` links might still be broken, like in my guides. 🙈  I would leave it in here, but we should keep in mind that we might to fix them later.

the `HttpClient` and assigned it to a variable in our `ExamplePlugin`.

{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Resources/app/storefront/src/example-plugin/example-plugin.plugin.js" %}
```javascript
import Plugin from 'src/plugin-system/plugin.class';
import HttpClient from 'src/service/http-client.service';

export default class ExamplePlugin extends Plugin {
    init() {
        this._client = new HttpClient();
    }
}
```
{% endcode %}

To fetch data from the API, we now can use the `get` method of the `HttpClient` to invoke a get request.

{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Resources/app/storefront/src/example-plugin/example-plugin.plugin.js" %}
```javascript
import Plugin from 'src/plugin-system/plugin.class';
import HttpClient from 'src/service/http-client.service';

export default class ExamplePlugin extends Plugin {
    init() {
        this._client = new HttpClient();
        
        this.fetchData();
    }
    
    // ...
    
    fetchData() {
        this._client.get('/widgets/checkout/info', this.handleData);
    }
    
    handleData(response) {
        console.log(response);
    }
}
```
{% endcode %}

> The `get` method take three arguments. The first one is the `url` which we want to call. In the example we are going 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `get` method takes three arguments. The first one is the `url` which we want to call. In the example we are going 
```
